ABC:SDK:Scaffolding Extension Help

The Scaffolding Extension assists any user in creating new Extensions for the
ABC build system.

It is capable of creating the basic structure for a new module/extension, which
then simply needs to be filled with some functionality.

Serveral special targets exist, which may be called to initiate scaffolding:

abc.sdk.scaffolding.extension.create:
  Create a new extension with a default template.

  Different properties may be set during creation, to specify name and location
  of the extension:

  abc.sdk.scaffolding.create.name:
    Name of the extension to create (eg. ABC:PHP:Testing:PHPUnit:Test)

  abc.sdk.scaffolding.create.directory:
    Target directory for the extension to be created in.
    (The default is the configured project extension directory if it exists.)

  abc.sdk.scaffolding.create.configure:
    Boolean value indicating, weather a configure step should be created.
    (The default is "true", as it is safe in general to have such a step,
    even though it is not utilized.)

  abc.sdk.scaffolding.create.common:
    Boolean value indicating, weather a common.xml should be created.
    (The default is "false", as it will not be needed in most situations.)

  abc.sdk.scaffolding.create.properties:
    Boolean value indicating, weather the extension is supposed to be created
    with '.properties' files for each of its phases.
    (The default is "true", as it is no problem at all to provide empty property
    files)

  abc.sdk.scaffolding.create.resources:
    Boolean value indicating, weather the extension is supposed to have a
    resources directory.
    (The default is "false", as it will not be needed in most situations.)


All the defined properties are specified on the commandline, while executing the
ant target using the '-D' commandline switch.

Example for a simple extension scaffolding:

ant -Dabc.sdk.scaffolding.create.name=MY:Namespace:My:Functionality \
  abc:sdk:scaffolding:create

This commandline will create a new extension in the projects extension directory
ready for you to fill it with functionality.